Simplify paths for fetching contract classes in tests (#377)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/Utilities.md

### `get_contract_class`

A helper method that returns the contract class from the contract's name. To capture the contract class, simply add the contract's name as an argument like this:

```python
contract_class = get_contract_class('ContractName')
```

> If multiple contracts exist with the same name, then the contract's path must be used instead of the name. To pass the contract's path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple contracts exist with the same name, then the contract's path must be passed along with the `is_path` flag instead of the name. To pass the contract's path:
```

We should be explicit so users don't miss the flag
